## Chapter 3
Did I ever tell you about the time I was in the port of Nagoya in Ise bay Japan?  It was a riot.  Let me tell you.  Fun fact, the word Karaoke is a compound word in Japanese that means empty orchestra.  Anyway, I was with the captain of a ship, the Raven, I think it was, out of Durban in South Africa.  I was earning my passage on a cargo ship cooking for the crew, and whatever low-skill tasks no one else wanted to do.  It was my first time around the cape horn.  I still need to get that tattoo.  But Captain James and I went to this seedy dive bar, and I’m pretty sure it wasn’t legal.  But I digress.  
The captain starts ordering sake, in perfect Spanish for some reason, and the bartender just nods and hands us cheap whiskey.  We made our way to a small booth out of the way, where neither of us had to sit with our backs to the door.  James, I never learned if that was his first or last name, started talking about finding someone to replace me, as I was itching to jump ship and be on land for a while.
It was at that point I heard the familiar sting of feedback, and sure enough, this kid, who couldn't have been more than eight, started setting up for karaoke night.  It was ten in the morning.  There was one other person in the bar, a young woman, with her head on the table asleep.  The squeal woke her up, it took her a moment to figure out what was happening, and I saw her eyes light up.  She looks at us, with a gleam in her eye, and walks over.  In broken English, she asks us to sing with her.  The captain looked at me and said “You’re still a part of my crew, and I am giving you a direct order to sing a duet with this woman.”  
So, like the good sailor I was discovering myself to be, I got up, slid the kid working the machine 200 yen, and started looking through the selection.  There was a surprising amount of classic American rock, and even more country and western.  I let her pick, and she went with “You’re the Reason our Kids are Ugly” by Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty.  I, of course, have never heard this song before in my life.  Doesn’t matter.  She is super excited, and I didn’t have it in me to let down this complete stranger I had just met.  
So of course, I only have one option.  Full Shatner.  I turned it into a spoken word piece.  Good old Conway, God rest his soul, did me a solid here.  It was easy enough once I got the rhythm.  I fumble my way through the first verse, thanking whoever up there was listening that I grew up surrounded by a wide variety of music and musicians.  
We finished the song, and she looked me dead in the eyes, and she said something I will never forget.  “Gracias, gaikokujin”.  I later found out that she was using the polite word for “foreigner.”  Then she hugged me and left the bar.
As with most of my travels, I had no idea what to do next.  So far, going with the flow had worked out for the best, and I wasn't about to try something else.  
I grabbed my bag, took my check from the captain, and started walking.  I eventually found a ferry to take me to the mainland, and from there I headed north.
