## Chapter 2
So, there I was, elbow deep in what I was told was tapioca pudding.  It was off-white, and had small beads, but it didn’t smell right.  It smelled kind of savory, like a sweet gravy.  There was this guy telling me that this was a “great honor.  We rarely let outsiders in on this.”  I still don’t know what he was talking about, but his enthusiasm was infectious.  I was also with another “initiate”, who had his own bowl to sort through.  I must have lost track of time, because the sun was setting when I went in, and high when I left.  
I was looking for a key to unlock a door to “reach the next level”.  I don’t know what that meant, but here I was.  I found the key, and it unlocked the door to the outside.  The man handed me a card with an address, and instructions to meet my guide.  
I went back to the hostel to shower off whatever I had been digging through.
I went to the address, a converted warehouse used for concerts and hipster weddings.  A particularly androgenous person met me at the door, took my card, and walked me inside to my next task.  A puzzle box.  They told me the box contained enlightenment.  
I have never been one for puzzle boxes, and this one looked like a doozy.  I stared at it, walked around, and then I picked it up to get a good look at the thing.  Then, in a fit of genius, I tapped it gently on the table.  It cracked like an egg, and inside was a small slip of paper.  It said “just once”.  My guide gave me a look I couldn't quite parse.  Anyway, they congratulated me, and sent me on my way.  I still have no idea what was going on.  
The guy I was with, I want to say his name was Marcus, hadn’t found his key.  So, to soften the blow, he had taken a pill of some sort a few hours earlier.  It had a diamond on it.  He was severely dehydrated and was constantly telling me how much he loved that I was in the universe.  Marcus was my ride out of town, so I had to take care of him until he came down.
So, we went to get something to eat.  We were somewhere south of Rome, near where my paternal family is from.  I don’t speak a word of Italian, to my eternal shame.  But I can guess well enough to read a menu and see what I want.  (I know “pesce” means fish.)
We ended up at this family style place where one dish serves three people.  Marcus throws back enough cacio e pepe to kill a small child, and I end up with some kind of ravioli, and they wouldn’t tell me what was in it.  
After that, Marcus was starting to come down, and he was crashing hard.  We went back to the hostel and switched to a private room, and I spent the next 48 hours telling him that everything would be ok, and the ceiling didn’t want to eat him.  Getting him to drink water was, well, it was a challenge.  After he was ok enough to leave, he took me to the train station in Rome, and we went our separate ways.  He was on a train headed east, and I was heading north.  
