## Chapter 52
Oh yeah, Jimmy
<br> The sign on the dirt road into the compound said "Cranston County Population Four" in unassuming black letters hand-painted on old pine. I was passing through the area on my way east, and while I was there, Sam asked me to meet up with an old buddy of hers, Peter. Peter didn't give out his last name to strangers, I was going to have to earn it if I wanted to include it in my write-up.  Peter was teaching a hand-raised caribou how to paint with its mouth, after unsucessfully trying to get it to use its hooves. 
<br>I hadn't been this close to the Canadian border in a few months, and longer than that since I had been in the Idaho panhandle. A few years before, Johnny and I had hit a rough patch and fell in with who we found out were hardcore libertarians living in a commune to stick it to the commies, whatever that meant. We were in that hole for three months repairing tractors from the turn of the twentieth century and processing goats.  When the leader got arrested for sending fake spiritual consulting invoices to tech companies we made the decision to leave before the power-vacuum got nasty, I never found out what happened to the group.
<br>Anyway, back to Peter. Peter was staying in a permanent tent with a fully enclosed paddock attached to the back. Every inch of seven feet tall with a haunting Scottish tenor, His coveralls were covered in handmade political patches going back to William Jennings Bryan. A lonely shock of red hair adorned his head, strategically combed to cover the most surface area. He made some polite conversation about finding the place and offered me a drink of something he had distilled himself, which I politely declined. I remembered out loud the time I had run into a batch of home-brew at the apartment in Amherst, the poor kid had forgotten to throw out the head and ended up with auto-brewery syndrome. He nodded solemnly and downed both shots. 
<br>He closed his eyes for a bit longer than a standard blink and I took the opportunity to ask my first question, the one that had been on my mind the whole time. "How do you know when you are done? At what point do you go from 'I am teaching an elk to paint' to 'I taught an elk to paint'"
<br>"How do you know when a chair is done? It becomes a chair as soon as you can sit in it. It might no be comfortable, it might no be level, but it does what it says on the tin." (Editor's note: Jimmy spoke with a very thick Scottish accent and sometimes used the Scottish vernacular, there will be no "correction" to what academics call "Standard" English.)
<br>I pondered that while he put away the bottle, and then he gestured out the back door to the paddock. I thought I was ready for what I was going to see. In my mind, I knew I was going to see an adult female elk with a paintbrush in it's mouth. On paper, that's what I saw. What I wasn't ready for was the Elk to make eye contact with me and start painting a pair of thick-framed glasses. Peter saw my eyes widen and burst out laughing.
<br>"I dinnae know why she starts with the glasses, but i'll be damned if i' isn't funny every time" he choked out between gasps. "She knows how to draw one face, the same face every time. The only thing that changes is the glasses."
<br>After I took a moment to pick my jaw up off the ground, I remembered that I was technically there on assignment, so I grabbed my camera and began to document the process. At first I thought Peter was directing the show, the way the Elephant trainers do it, and I was taking pictures of both of them together. I realized while Jimmy was painting the nose that Peter had not moved or said anything since the glasses. Either the elk was painting by rote or it was painting "me" and all humans had the same nose. After the painting was done, Jimmy dutifully put her brush in a bucket of water and walked over to us, I assumed for a treat or something. Peter gave me a pellet he said was made of apple peels and alfalfa to give to her, and after another brief but not unpleasant moment of eye contact she took it without incident. 
<br> We spent a little bit going over the mechanics of an elk painting. Like I said, he first started out trying to use the hooves in a form of "finger painting" with the paper on the ground, but Jimmy couldn't balance on three legs well enough. He got the brush in her mouth by putting peanut butter on it, it took a few tries to find out she prefers crunchy. there was a slight, natural, lull in the conversation, and out of nowhere Peter said "I didn't teach her how to paint glasses."
<br>There was a look in his eye that was hard to place. It wasn't regret, but it wasn't pride either. It was almost confusion. When I saw that glint in his eyes I believed him instantly. He explained that he started with circles and moved to more complex shapes. Eventually she got to the point where she could draw a very basic pictogram of a face. You know, two dots for eyes, a dot for the nose, and a line for the mouth. She got stuck on hair, for a year she could only do the basic outline of a face. The first time she drew someone that wasn't peter was when a brand-new park ranger got lost and ended up on the property. Jimmy took a long look at him, and somehow noticed his glasses. She saw him and immediately began painting him. Peter was inside when it happened, he heard the shriek when the Park ranger saw an elk painting a face with glasses. Ever since then, that's been the defining feature of Jimmy's paintings. Peter said he wanted to introduce color next.
<br>I was getting ready to ask what Jimmy was short for when we both snapped our heads at a commotion in front of the tent. It sounded like a diesel-punk biker gang getting ready to make trouble. When we came out the front door of the tent, there was a diesel-punk biker gang getting ready to cause trouble. Matching double-rider leather jackets with too many buckles, WW2 style riding pants and boots, and sealed goggles with particulate filter masks. They were each riding some kind of home-made abomination that I am generously calling motorcycles. One of them stepped forward and took his mask off, and at the same time we recognized each other. It was Toby, of all people. I knew Toby from the libertarian camp, he was in charge of mucking out the stalls. If he recognized me, he didn't say anything. He looked at Peter with an air of contempt that evaporated immediately when I asked about Pfeffernusse, one of the does who were due after I left. I watched him visibly deflate and lose half an inch as any sense of bravado left his body.
<br>He responded with a vibrant string of slurs, none of which technically applied to either Peter or myself. Toby was a talented engineer and technically proficient painter, but he had never been interested enough to get the hang of figurative language, and he didn't know why those words were offensive. He knew that he wasn't allowed to say them on social media; for him that was enough cause to use them. 
<br>"None of you understand. The Hand chose me. I'm better than those clowns. I'm better than stalls." He went on for a few minutes listing various things that he was supposed better than, including taxes and business ethics. "You wouldn't believe what The Hand has shown me."
<br>Peter and I shared a look and I took the opportunity to ask about the hand before he could hit any of the other standard talking points that made me leave the farm on such bad terms.
<br>He wiggled his eyebrows in an attempt to furrow them and said "The Invisible Hand of the Market", confused at idea that someone wouldn't immediately understand him. "You remember, Cody told us about it at camp. The Invisible Hand steers the market to the best outcome. It chose me. It gave me the plans for the bikes, where to go and how to get here."
<br>I was trying to suppress a smirk and Peter was having none of it. "What does any of this have to do with my land?" He asked, not making too much of an effort to hide his frustration. 
<br>"I'm here for the same reason you are friend." He tried to bring back some of the braggadocio from earlier, in his head he thought he was adding menace to the word friend. "Glacial Till."
<br>looking at me, hoping for some kind of explanation, Peter asked slowly "What do you think those words mean?" He had the same tone you would use for a twelve year old learning a new swear. 
<br>"according to my map, there are diamonds under your tent." His tone changed for a moment "I'm willing to let you join us if you do it quietly." He actually winked when he said that last part.
<br>"Hey, look at you, winking. You couldn't do that last time I saw you." I chimed in, making pointed eye contact with the scariest looking member of his band of ruffians. The gang looked at each other when I said that, this might have actually been the first time some of them had heard him explain this out loud.
<br>Toby gave me the meanest look he could muster and Peter and I lost it. Again, through no fault of his own, Toby was terminally incapable of intimidating anyone. That's when the rest of the gang dismounted and started walking toward us. At no point were either of us afraid, I had mentioned the camp to Peter when he asked about finding the place, he said he knew of them and he had heard something about a few guys breaking off. 
<br>I decided to stop making things worse for a moment, and in a passive attempt to de-escalate the situation I asked "How does The Hand tell you things?" The rest of the gang seemed to have the same question, they all stopped walking closer.
<br>He blinked a few times, the first time hard enough to make a sound. He looked at me and said "The Hand leaves behind gloves, the gloves point things out."  To his credit he picked his henchmen well, they bought it. Somehow it wasn't the most ridiculous thing I had heard that day, but boy was it up there. He went on for a bit about the bikes, how he had made them himself out of scavenged Jumo aerodiesel engines from seaplanes. He very obviously skipped over how he acquired the seventy year old government aircraft. At this point Peter and I were both over the whole thing and trying to figure out how to get rid of the gang quickly. 
<br>Peter invited Toby and I into the tent to "discuss" our next steps, the rest of the gang had to wait outside. As soon as the door was closed Jimmy wandered in having heard the commotion, and Toby went paler than usual. Jimmy walked up to him, and I almost felt bad for him, until I remembered him trying to threaten us. Jimmy cornered him, and looking him dead in the eyes, licked the goggles off of his head and took them back outside to the paddock, carrying them gently in her mouth. He was too stunned to move, and Peter took his opportunity, throwing a blanket on Toby and grabbing him while I grabbed the first thing I could to try and scare off the gang. In my rush I grabbed a four foot piece of rebar with something welded onto the end. I walked out of the tent confidently and raised what turned out to be a piece of rebar with a comically large buzz saw blade welded to one end. I was exactly as surprised as the gang was, I promise you. It worked though. They turned tail and drove off as fast as their bikes would go, which was just above walking speed. 
<br>Peter had Toby in the paddock with Jimmy when I got back, and he saw the gleam in my eye when I described scaring off the gang. "That's the best pizza peel you've ever seen, isn't it?" The feds came and got Toby a little later, apparently he called them to get away from Jimmy. I finished the interview, and Peter gave me his phone number, with his last name. He said to stop by if I was close again, he was hoping to teach Jimmy hair color. 
<br>I got to send the a couple of the paintings to Sam and Melanie on my way out of town headed east to Cleveland, but I can't for the life of me remember why, I never made it.
