## Chapter 52
Oh yeah, Jimmy
<br> The sign on the dirt road into the compound said "Cranston County Population Four" in unassuming black letters hand-painted on old pine. I was passing through the area on my way east, and while I was there, Sam asked me to meet up with an old buddy of hers, Peter. Peter didn't give out his last name to strangers, I was going to have to earn it if I wanted to include it in my write-up.  Peter was teaching a hand-raised caribou how to paint with its mouth, after unsucessfully trying to get it to use its hooves. 
<br>I hadn't been this close to the Canadian border in a few months, and longer than that since I had been in the Idaho panhandle. A few years before, Johnny and I had hit a rough patch and fell in with some hardcore libertarians who were living in a commune to stick it to the commies, whatever that meant. We were in that hole for three months repairing tractors from the 50s and processing goats.  When the leader got arrested for sending fake spiritual consulting invoices to tech companies we made the decision to leave before the power-vacuum got nasty, I never found out what happened to the group.
<br>Anyway, back to Peter. Every inch of seven feet tall with a haunting Scottish tenor. His coveralls were covered in handmade political patches going back to William Jennings Bryan. A lonely shock of red hair adorned his head, strategically combed to cover the most surface area. He offered me a drink of something he had distilled himself, and I politely declined, remembering out loud the time I had run into a batch of homebrew at the apartment in Amherst, the poor kid had forgotten to throw out the head and ended up with autobrewery syndrome. He nodded solemnly and downed both shots. 
<br>He closed his eyes for a bit longer than a standard blink and I took the opportunity to ask my first question, the one that had been on my mind the whole time. "How do you know when you are done? At what point do you go from 'I am teaching an elk to paint' to 'I tought an elk to paint'"
<br>"How do you know when a chair is done? It becomes a chair as soon as you can sit in it. It might no be comfortable, it might no be level, but it does what it says on the tin." 
<br>